---
title: "Differences of painting and sculpture"
color: "green"
---

<div class="context">
  <p>During the middle ages, comparison between the different arts and sciences becomes a very popular literary theme, 
  especially between painting and sculpture. The most important reason for the comparison is that artists can improve
  their status. The author chose the Leonardo on the relation between painting and sculpture from aspects of poetry,
  music, and mathematics and so on.</p>
    <p>In the difference of painting and sculpture, one is that sculptors have much heavier physical work than painters’, 
    because marbles are much heavier than papers. Therefore, if the sculptors make a mistake, they will start to work on
    a new marble. But painters can change their ideas on the paper, whose step is easier. In addition, making sculpture 
    will cause the dirtier environment than making painting. Thirdly, in the sculpture, artists need to create more contours
    in different directions than painting’s. Because of the three-dimensional, sculptors not only judge the object by their eyes, 
    but also use professional knowledge and experience. Fourthly, sculpture does not consider much matters like light, shadow, 
    color, distance, and nearness. Moreover, sculpture is more nature than painting, because sculpture is detached from the wall.
    Sixthly, painting contains some matters like mental analysis, good painting skills, marvelous, which do not exist in the sculpture. 
    Painting represents transparent objects but the sculpture shows more nature and reality. </p>
    <p>Finally, sculpture can be more resistant to humidity than painting. But from the Florence painting, it shows that there is a 
    glaze on the surface of paints. Hence, this point focuses on the material rather than artists. </p>
    <p>According to the research of Varchi, he claims that most of famous artist admit that sculpture is nature and reality, and painting is full of skills. 
    To the argument of the Varchi, the Bronzino shows that if some people stand on the side of sculpture, they will talk about advantages of sculpture 
    and sculptors’ hard in the aspect of nature, heavy marble or bronze; if people stand on the side of painting, they will show the advantages of 
    painting in the aspect of skills, light, shadow, distance and whatever. Hence, actually whether it is painting or sculpture, they have their 
    own advantages and characteristics. They are both worthy to standing in the world.</p>
</div>
