---
title: "Art History"
color: "yellow"
---


<h3>1A：Contract</h3>
The document introduces the content of the Contract for the St. Wolfgang Altarpiece. 
From 1471 to 1481, Michael Pacher complete this art work. It includes some detail of 
the altar like painters, elevation, meanings of design and value. In addition, it records
things using characters, including “Christ Child, Joseph, and the Three Kings with their gifts”.
From the document, composition of the contract is very busy with good painting; the lights focus on gold;
the characteristic of the project is very huge. Hence, it is obvious for us to see the apprentice
describe all thing which it wants to record.

<h3>1B: Apprentices</h3>
The article concentrates on that Gerard Horenout, who was a painter and manuscript illuminator in Ghent, 
had two different kinds of apprenticeship contracts of pupils. In 1498, a young man, Hannekin van den Dijcke, 
made apprenticeship contract with Gerard Horenout because he wanted study the professional knowledge of art. 
In the contract, Hannekin must follow the requirements of Gerard and could not earn his own profit. Secondly, 
at the beginning of two years if Hannekin wanted marry within four years, he needed to pay six pounds groat 
Flemish for Gerard. Within the third and fourth year, Hannekin could only pay four pounds groat Flemish for Gerard. 
Thirdly, if Hannekin left before the end of term, he needed pay six pounds groat Flemish to make a stipulation 
at the beginning of studying. In addition, his family members like father, grandfather needed stand surety for him.
The other one is a young boy, Heinric Heinricz, in 1520. His uncle, Master Otto stand surety for him. Master Otto 
committed himself and pay all fees of Heinric Heinricz. He paid the fees on average one pounds groat Flemish before 
the feast of St Bavo every year. But one thing same to the first apprenticeship contract is that when Heinric left 
before the end of his term, his uncle needed to pay six pounds groat Flemish.

<h3>1C: Guild of Luke</h3>
The Antwerp Guild of St Luke was an art market functioning, which had an important role in the second half of the 
fifteenth century due to development of “production of carved, polychromed of altarpieces, specifying the type, 
qualify of wood used”. It is also different from Brussels. The reason is that Brussels focus on reputations according to sales,
thought the Antwerp Guild of St Luke focus on production methods. Furthermore, it introduces the trait of altarpieces 
from configuration, polychrome and material.
